---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
---

My name is Ryan Condron and I am the Lead Mobile Developer for SMART (Service
Management and Route Tracking), LLC. I work on a desktop/web hybrid web
application that is deployed on premesis. The part I focus on is our mobile
web application, both development, and infrastructure. We use Chef Omnibus to
manage our web stack and all dependencies. This allows us to easily deploy to
new customers and not have any manual infrastructure setup.

The company I work for focuses on making tracking service for small business
easy and intutive, helping them provide better customer service as a result.
SMART also has modules for the ATM and amusement industries. For the ATM
industry we provide a cash management and analysis module for ATM terminals,
to help operators run their business more effeciently. We also provide a
collections module to handle collecting funds from amusement machines, such as
pool tables, dart boards, and jukeboxes. For more information check us out at:

[http://smart.software](http://smart.software)

### My Skills

#### Ruby on Rails

I am worked with Ruby on Rails (Rails) since December of 2012, when I worked as
a consultant for System Development Services in Effingham, Illinois. I worked
with legacy Rails applications, versions 2.3 and prior and they were still
using 2.3 to develop new applications. I had no prior experience with Rails at
this point. Once I got confortabel with the organization, I started to make
changes and use the newest version of Rails for any new application. Most of
our older applications were phased out. We had a couple we ended up upgrading.

#### Database

I have worked with different relational database systems including SQL Server,
PostgreSQL, MySQL, and Sqlite. I have experience doing joins, triggers, views,
and group by queries. I am worked with SQL and Activerecord.

#### Chef Omnibus

I am experience using Chef Omnibus to automate deploys to on premesis servers.
Currently I have setup a full stack with all system level dependencies,
excluding a database server. Currently I manage over 90 dependencies through
Omnibus.
