---
title: Just Got Home From DevUp 2019
date: 2017-04-27 1:00 -500
draft: false
---

I have just arrived home from the DevUp Conference in St. Louis, my 
conference experience was a mixed bag this year. There were things that
could be improved, but I want to focus on some of my favorite sessions
from this year's conference.

Also came away with come personal action items from the conference. I
have started working on building out a better portfolio of what I am
working on. Other items include promoting myself more, and possibly
live streaming some coding sessions, so keep an eye out for that.

## Entity Framework Core Debugging using SQL Server: A Detective Storyby Chris Woodruff

This session talked about tools you can use to debug performance issues.
The first thing discussed was tagging your queries, so it comes across
and adds comments to the SQL Server Profiler. Also discussed was
checking query plans, and other tools included in the newer version of
SQL Server.

## Document Databases vs Relational Databases: An Honest Comparison and Things To Consider by Keven Grossnicklaus

I only caught part of this session, but still learned some interesting
points. Essentially if your data doesn't change much you may consider
using a document database. It was also discussed, to use a document
database in a hybrid scenario where you mainly use a relational
database for main data store, but pages that need to load a lot of data
quickly you may load a cached version to the document database.

## Going From No Code to App Store in 30 days by Lauren Hilton & Eric Bloomquist

This session discussed taking an existing Angular Application and using
parts of it to build an mobile application using Ionic. When building
an Ionic app you can use most of your logic and create new views.
Overall an interesting session that sparked on some ideas I may do in
the future.
